# Homework #1

Don't forget to put contracts, purposes, and your own tests.

1. Define the function area-square, which consumes an integer number denoting the length of two sides and produces the area of the square.
2. Define the function volume-cuboid, which consumes three integer numbers denoting lengths of three sides and produces the volume of the cuboid.
3. Define the function is-multiple-of?, which consumes two integer numbers and returns whether the first number is a multiple of the second one.
4. Define the function factorial, which consumes an integer number and returns the result of the factorial operation.
5. Define the function fibonacci, which consumes an integer number n and returns the n-th fibonacci number. The 3rd fibonacci number is 2.
6. Define the type COURSE, which is either CS320, CS311, or CS330. CS320 has two attributes: quiz for the number of quizzes and homework for the number of programming assignments. CS311 has one attribute: homework which is the number too. CS330 has two attributes: projects for the number of projects and homework.
7. Define the function total-assignments, which consumes a course and produces the total number of quizzes, homework, and projects for the given course.
8. Define the function total-homework, which consumes a list of courses and produces the total number of homework of the courses in the given list.
9. Define the function my-map, which consumes a function f and a list of numbers l, and produces a list of numbers generated by applying the input function f to each element of l. Do not use the map function provided by DrRacket. For example,
		(my-map (lambda (x) (+ 1 x)) (cons 1 (cons 2 (cons 3 empty)))))
	produces

		'(2 3 4)
10. Define the function my-filter, which consumes a predicate f and a list of numbers l, and produces a list consisting of the elements of l that satisfy the predicate f. Do not use the filter function provided by DrRacket. For example,
		(my-filter (lambda (x) (> x 1)) (cons 3 (cons 1 (cons 2 empty)))))
	produces

		'(3 2)